readme update (#1)
Zubax/Bloxa: README.md

# Zubax Bloxa

## Overview

> Zubax Bloxa is the most compact ESC design that is possible using Mitochondrik module (at least it seems to be it). The **key design requirements** for BLOXA are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zubax Bloxa is arguably the most compact practical ESC design based on the Mitochondrik module. The **key design requirements** for Bloxa are:
```

Better wording; correct spelling: BLOXA --> Bloxa.

* Small size
* Low mass
* Low COG

> * [UAVCAN hardware recommendations](https://uavcan.org/Specification/8._Hardware_design_recommendations/) following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Compatible with the [UAVCAN hardware design recommendations](https://uavcan.org/specification)
```

poor wording

> <p align="center">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's not overdo it, shall we? This is not HTML, after all; one day they may change the Markdown parser and our nice docs would go haywire. I suggest keeping HTML to the bare minimum, like image scaling and such.

<img src="pics/bloxa.png" alt="Bloxa top"  width = "100%" />
  
## Brief specs

> * Operating voltage range 4-8S Li-Po (LiCoO<sub>2</sub>) battery (12-34 V)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operating voltage range 4-8S Li-ion (LiCoO<sub>2</sub>) battery (12-34 V)
```

* Continuous power 200 W
* 1 UAVCAN interface
* Software controllable 5V 500 mA BEC output connected to UAVCAN 5 V line

> * RC PWM input available on test-pads (requires soldering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RC PWM input available on test pads (requires soldering)
```

* 36.6 x 24.9 linear dimensions

> The main advantage of BLOXA is its miniature size. To achieve it, a novel Mitochondrik mounting technique was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main advantage of Bloxa is its miniature size. To achieve it, a novel Mitochondrik mounting technique is used.
```

<p align="center">

> <img src="pics/construction.png"  width = "50%"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="pics/construction.png"  width = "50%"/>
</p>
```

> Mitochondrik is mounted on the power stage PCB using intermediary 2mm thick PCB that basically serves as a connector. Soldering is done using edge connectors on the Mitochondrik, the intermediary  PCB and the power stage PCB in the plane perpendicular to the PCB planes.  Also, one of the RF shields on the Mitochondrik had to be removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mitochondrik is mounted on the power stage PCB using an intermediary 2mm thick PCB that basically serves as a connector.
Soldering is done using the edge connectors on the Mitochondrik, the intermediary  PCB, and the power stage PCB in the plane perpendicular to the PCB planes. 
Also, one of the RF shields on the Mitochondrik had to be removed (please contact Zubax Robotics for ordering).
```

> Of course, this mounting technique seems questionable from the vibration resistance point of view, but it allows for the smallest PCB design possible. Bloxa has no strict reliability requirements, so this technique is acceptable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
High-reliability designs may prefer to avoid such unconventional approaches to ensure predictable mechanical characteristics.
```

<p align="center">

> <img src="pics/drawing.png" alt="drawing"  width = "80%"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="pics/drawing.png" alt="drawing"  width = "80%"/>
</p>
```

## Power stage details.

Bloxa power stage uses three [BUK9K6R2-40E](https://www.digikey.com/products/en?keywords=1727-7274-1-ND) MOSFET arrays. 

| Parameter                                               | Value               |
| :------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| Drain to Source Voltage (V<sub>ds</sub>)                | 40 V                |
| Current - Continuous Drain (I<sub>d</sub>) @ 25°C       | 40 A                |
| R<sub>ds on</sub> (Max) @ I<sub>d</sub>, V<sub>gs</sub> | 6 mOhm @ 25 A, 10 V |
| Gate Charge (Q<sub>g</sub>) (Max) @ V<sub>gs</sub>      | 35.4 nC @ 10 V      |

> Current shunt value is 10 mOhm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current shunt value is 10 mOhm.
```

> The bulk capacitor bank is formed with 3 [180 µF  aluminum electrolytic capacitors](https://www.digikey.com/products/en?keywords=565-4066-ND) from [ United Chemi-Con](https://www.digikey.com/en/supplier-centers/u/united-chemi-con).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bulk capacitor bank is formed with 3 [180 µF aluminum electrolytic capacitors](https://www.digikey.com/products/en?keywords=565-4066-ND) from [United Chemi-Con](https://www.digikey.com/en/supplier-centers/u/united-chemi-con).
```

> Overcurrent protection trip value is set to 35 A. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overcurrent protection trip value is set to 35 A. 
```
